Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to quickly demonstrate the simplest structure off a do loop.
So here I've got some code here with a do loop.
So the first line of code will select cell a one,
and then you can see here I've written a do loop and inside it actor sold Offset one comma
zero dot select.
And this will just go one cell down.
This is what the code will do.
And as you will see,
the do loop in its current form will never cease to get executed.
So it will keep on executing the code over and over again.
And we will just keep on going one cell down infinitely,
and this loop will never stop.
So I'm gonna execute this code step by step.
Here's a first of all,
I'm going to select cell a one and then what I'm doing here is I'm going one cell down and
I'm just holding the F eight key to make the code get executed.
And if I actually press this continue button or this run button,
the code will never stop and my excel actually will crash.
So I will not do that.
But the do loop in this form will never stop executing the code.
So I'm just going to stop here.
And this is the simplest form of a do loop.
And this form is not used.
Usually it is usually used This do until or do while so we will see that on the upcoming
videos.
So thank you guys watching this video I'll see on the next one.